with inflation completely out of control
and the economy teetering on the edge
you might ask yourself where does this
end you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in today's video
I'm going to show you what's going on
inside the financial system and connect
that in with the economy once you know
this information you'll be able to gain
Insight that most people just don't have
right now here in 2024 I'm going to
explain it really simple let's begin
with this the MF everyone's favorite
institution well they do produce some
good reports and they do point out some
really good things so I do like to quote
them but we got to understand their
agenda obviously the exceptional recent
performance of the United States is
certainly impressive and a major driver
of global growth but it reflects strong
demand factors as well including a
fiscal stance that is out of line with
long-term fiscal
sustainability something will have to
get what are they talking about here
well they're not going to be able to re
in
inflation if you're spending money like
there's no tomorrow do they know
something we don't you see the United
States is spending more money than they
ever have before Canada's doing the same
thing other countries likely in the same
circumstance you see they are spending
money because they want to give more
services because they want to pump money
across the world because they want want
to do several things and in order to do
that they have to pay a bill and they
will do so of course with taxpayer
dollars with inflated dollars they need
to package up that debt and sell it off
to investors as bonds can they get
enough buyers you see there's a problem
here because the debt is racking up that
debt has an interest rate Associated to
it and that looks like we're not going
to go to zero anytime soon so we have a
big bill to pay Canada Us and other
countries this is disastrous this will
present itself to be an issue that
you're not going to find I'm going to
show you some charts I'm going to show
you what the fund manager survey out of
Bank of America literally hundreds of
billions of dollars under management
what they are saying and they're not
concerned about the right things you
don't have to be concerned about certain
things but there are some things that we
got to point out look look at the
largest
companies these US tech stocks the
Magnificent
7 they have record piles of cash $300
billion these are the tech stocks okay
they could be investing in new
development they could be going through
and putting money into new technologies
imagine what a company like apple can do
if they were to take aund billion dollar
of their cash and put that somewhere to
do some wild new thing to advance some
new technology AI or robots or whatever
it is but they're not doing that they're
keeping it in cash or cash
equivalents so they would rather make
maybe it's 4% let's just say on that
cash guaranteed 4% investment and they
can do that instead of actually being
able to for
themselves you know in this circumstance
they're they see the benefit of that now
there could be different reasons stuff
beyond what we can see you know that's
obviously on the out you know we're on
the outside here but it's odd very odd
and that to me rings a bell we've seen
these different circumstances before and
of course it is something that is to me
worth noting
now this is the fund manager survey I'll
send you a I'll show you a couple charts
from this interesting like I said
hundreds of billions of dollars under
management and this is what they are
surveyed you could see this 78% of fund
manager survey investors say the
recession is unlikely in the next 12
months but you ask them that November 22
oh they were all saying that uhuh
actually it's looking pretty likely so
you could see how that has changed in
April
20 they also were down at that level who
knows right it's based on interest rates
based on various factors are we going to
get that soft Landing as we've been
promised or no Landing expectations for
no Landing is at this time surging no
Landing that's the dark blue color 36%
and every month that's been going higher
and higher and higher it was at 6% then
7even then 19 and so on now 36%
they don't believe we're going to get at
landing at all just more and more and
more growth what do you think which one
of these scenarios is the most likely of
course we don't know but and we're
talking about admitted the admitt of
course we know what's going on but is it
a no Landing is it a soft Landing or is
it a hard Landing I know it might be
hard for you but let's just work with
the admissions are they going to admit
it we'll see I want to know in the
comments let me know down below let's
see let's compare each other's
responses uh Global profit expectations
jump to the highest since August of
2021 so you could see that dark blue
line that is the net percentage saying
that Global profits will improve a lot
of them now are starting to say that
that is the case and why because you
look around the world you see more
growth you see the suggestion that you
know maybe interest rates they're not
going to get cut as early as they were
but yeah they're still going to be cut
and financial conditions are still in
fact easier now than they were when they
started cutting interest rates so we got
to take that uh into account as well so
there's an issue here right because
we're being told by some that hey it's a
recession hard landing potential we
can't get out of the scenario but the
fund managers the people managing all
that money they don't seem to be
concerned do they what is the biggest
tail risk right now inflation and
hawkish central banks that's what it's
been for a while now and so that is the
biggest concern so that is what move
moves the markets and that's what
businesses are responding to we're
seeing companies
Tesla and other companies they're laying
people off okay we are seeing that
overall um a lot of the tech companies
in general have been laying people off
um but that's what the data shows us
biggest tail risk is higher inflation
you can see that more now
than it was a couple months ago much
more now in fact all right more than the
geopolitics who knows you know if the
exactly when that was uh taken but the
point is high inflation is what they're
looking for fund manager survey Equity
allocation is the highest since January
of 2022 so this is showing us um that
they're putting more money into equities
less money into the bonds less moneyy to
the cash so on this one right here for
my finance Friday crew shout outs to
finance Friday live you could see here
fund manager survey investors say that
gold is the most overvalued since August
20120 now what have I said Finance
Friday crew you heard me talk about this
in the last
session there is nothing that a person
inside the financial inj industry hates
more than gold they hate it they
absolutely hate it they will do
everything they can to make sure you
don't get it even the paper gold I'm
telling you right now so take up with a
grain of salt but you can see net
percentage saying gold is
overvalued all right they don't want to
see it moving around they want it to be
underperforming everything else so
that's what that's what the big money is
saying that's all I'm trying to tell you
okay credit card days passed uh due pass
due Trend and you'll see that they are
all picking up the numbers are still
relatively small but I want you to know
that during this time people are
experiencing hardship and we are seeing
that in the form of people not paying
their bills basically all right and
credit cards is one of those places so
we know there's some something going on
in the economy doesn't matter what the
fund manager surveys are saying but
there's something fundamentally going
wrong right now today are they going to
admit that recession well according to
the fund manager survey there's going to
be no hard Landing there's going to be
no landing at
all but when we look at the numbers of
certain things we can see something
weird is going on why is Apple just
hoing onto the last check there
something like $150 billion $150 billion
of cash but you're not going to invest
it you're not going to expand your
operations you're not going to hire more
people weird right kind of
weird commercial real estate this is
just talking about the exposure it's a
UBS report if you're interested you
could check it
out I think that we have a problem right
now with commercial real estate more
than anything else so that is really my
number one target of where I'm keeping
an eye on uh I'm doing another video
directly after this about real estate a
lot of that will be about commercial
real estate so tomorrow you'll get that
video and I'm going to just go into all
of the details of why that is the
biggest concern but ultimately what
we're seeing is that a lot of the debt
associated with this commercial real
estate can't be paid back and so you
have a lot of write-offs when that
happens these Banks they take the brunt
of that that's commercial real estate
not the residential real estate although
you kind of get a little bit of gray
area there when we're talking about
multif family residences but understand
I'm talking more about retail I'm
talking more about office there's a lot
right now that's going on and they just
keep piling up a lot of that keeps
piling up this is the biggest problem
that's where I think that we have the
weakest link so I'm keeping my focus
there the residential is not it's not as
bad so just keep that in mind if you
want to join the finance Friday and get
over two hours every single Friday of
the latest and greatest information I
just we go in on zoom and we just get
into all this we do question and answer
at the end of it all I had a whole
presentation prepared we look at the
charts that's two hours if you can't
make it live on the Friday session then
you get access to the recordings I would
prefer it that you be there live that's
when we get the most value that's when I
can talk to you
directly but if not then you can always
get the recordings that's another way
Link in the description at the top did
you appreciate this video if you did hit
that thumbs up button and I'll see you
tomorrow take care